{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12840\viewh11980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Demo Script\
\
1) From Command Prompt, go to directory assignment5 > java -cp webtalk-server.jar WebTalkServer\
\
2) Create 3 profiles:user1, user2 and user3\
/Applications/Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox-bin -ProfileManager &\
start those 3 instances.\
\
3) Notice userlist in all three firefox instances\
\
4) Go to User 3, disable webtalk from menu View---> Sidebar--->Webtalk. Notice the userlist in user1 and user2.\
\
5) Again open the webtalk sidebar of User3. \
\
6) Send message from user3. \
Send another message from user 3\
Send message from user2\
Notice the chathistory of all users.\
\
7) send message from user2 to only user3: @user 3:private to user 3\
\
8) User3--> Click on mozilla link, type message on mozilla page\
\
9) User2--> click on mozilla link, user 2 can see the chathistory\
\
10) Notice all user list in all three instances\
\
11) User3 change its name, notice user list\
\
12) User1: Go to mail.yahoo.com\
Note the disable chat message.\
\
13) User1: go to youtube.com, clear the error and go to soccer1 site, type message\
\
14) User 2 also go to same site as User1. Notice that you can see the message.\
Now User 2 goes to another youtube page. Notice that it is a different chat room.\
Conclusion: youtube has chat room per-page.\
\
optional:\
\
15) User 1: open a new tab and go to google page\
\
16) User1: switch tab and see the historylist and userlist\
\
17) User1: show back and forward button\
\
18) Create new instance: go to command prompt. type: \
/Applications/Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox-bin -ProfileManager &\
\
Create new profile\
\
Go to http://localhost:8080/download\
\
Click on Getting Started, click on install link, allow Install and restart Firefox\
\
19) Right Click on preferences and show About Web talk\
\
20) Go to google page, try to send message without setting your name. Show error. \
\
Set your Name and send message \
\
Finish Demo!\
\
}